docs: add router debug log change to v5 migration guide (#1819)
expressjs/expressjs.com: en/guide/migrating-5.md

mime.lookup('json')
```

<h4 id="express:router-debug-logs">express:router debug logs</h4>

In Express 5, router handling logic is performed by a dependency. Therefore, the

> debug logs for this behavior are no longer available under the `express:` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
debug logs for the router are no longer available under the `express:` namespace.
```

In v4, the logs were available under the namespaces `express:router`, `express:router:layer`,
and `express:router:route`. All of these were included under the namespace `express:*`.

> In v5, the logs are available under the namespaces `router`, `router:layer`, and `router:route`.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
In v5.1, the logs are available under the namespaces `router`, `router:layer`, and `router:route`.
```

Author: Oh, good idea. Maybe `5.1+` or something similar?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that is good. I will hopefully be publishing this `router` package today if all goes well, but likely will not get `express@5.1` out that quickly. I don't think it matters much if we publish this to the website in advance though as long as we have this specified.
